TextArea: add a Getting Started tutorial (#4425)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/TextArea/00 Getting Started with TextArea/15 Resize TextArea.md

> If the size of the UI component should be fixed, specify the [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#height) and [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#width) properties.

Reviewer: A minor note... but it's more natural to put "width" first. X and Y, width and height - they usually go in that order. 

```suggestion
If the size of the UI component should be fixed, specify the [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#width) and [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#height) properties.
```

> The UI component's height can also adapt to the UI component's contents. In this case, set the [autoResizeEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#autoResizeEnabled) property to `true`. To specify the minimum and maximum height for the adaptive TextArea, use the [minHeight](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#minHeight) and [maxHeight](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#maxHeight) properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The UI component's height can also adapt to UI component contents. In this case, set the [autoResizeEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#autoResizeEnabled) property to `true`. To specify the minimum and maximum height for the adaptive TextArea, use the [minHeight](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#minHeight) and [maxHeight](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#maxHeight) properties.
```

> The UI component's height can also adapt to the UI component's contents. In this case, set the [autoResizeEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#autoResizeEnabled) property to `true`. To specify the minimum and maximum height that the adapted TextArea can occupy, specify the [minHeight](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#minHeight) and [maxHeight](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#maxHeight) properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UI component's height can also adapt to the UI component's contents. In this case, set the [autoResizeEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#autoResizeEnabled) property to `true`. To specify the minimum and maximum height for the adaptive TextArea, use the [minHeight](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#minHeight) and [maxHeight](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/Configuration/#maxHeight) properties.
```
